TEXT 1:
The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Todd Phillips, co-produced with Daniel Goldberg, and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. It is the first installment in The Hangover trilogy. The film stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Heather Graham, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong, and Jeffrey Tambor. It tells the story of Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, Alan Garner, and Doug Billings, who travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party to celebrate Doug's impending marriage. However, Phil, Stu, and Alan wake up with Doug missing and no memory of the previous night's events, and must find the groom before the wedding can take place. Lucas and Moore wrote the script after executive producer Chris Bender's friend disappeared and had a large bill after being sent to a strip club. After Lucas and Moore sold it to the studio for $2 million, Philips and Jeremy Garelick rewrote the script to include a tiger as well as a subplot involving a baby and a police cruiser, and also including boxer Mike Tyson. Filming took place in Nevada for 15 days, and during filming, the three main actors (Cooper, Helms, and Galifianakis) formed a real friendship.


TEXT 2:
The Hangover Part II is a 2011 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the sequel to the 2009 film The Hangover and the second installment in The Hangover trilogy. Directed by Todd Phillips, who co-wrote the script with Craig Mazin and Scot Armstrong, the film stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Justin Bartha, and Paul Giamatti. It tells the story of Phil, Stu, Alan, and Doug as they travel to Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the bachelor party in Las Vegas, Stu takes no chances and opts for a safe, subdued pre-wedding brunch. Things do not go as planned, resulting in another bad hangover with no memories of the previous night. Development began in April 2009, two months before The Hangover was released. The principal actors were cast in March 2010 to reprise their roles from the first film. Production began in October 2010, in Ontario, California, before moving on location in Thailand. The film was released on May 26, 2011 and became the highest-grossing R-rated comedy during its theatrical run.

TEXT 3:
Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. Directed by Sam Raimi from a screenplay by David Koepp, it is the first installment in the Spider-Man trilogy, and stars Tobey Maguire as the title character, alongside Willem Dafoe, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Cliff Robertson, Rosemary Harris, and J. K. Simmons. The film centers on an outcasted teen genius named Peter Parker, who develops spider-like superhuman abilities after being bitten by a genetically-altered spider. After his foster father/uncle is murdered by an armed felon, something for which he was partially responsible, a guilt-ridden Peter is later driven to use his new abilities for a nobler purpose, as the vigilante Spider-Man, to atone for his uncle's murder. The rest of the film focuses on Peter's efforts to balance his personal life, as he graduates from high school and becomes a freelance photographer, while also struggling with his studies, his friendship with his childhood best friend: Harry Osborn, his growing feelings for his former high school crush: Mary Jane-Watson and his dual life as Spider-Man.

TEXT 4:
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. It was directed by Sam Raimi from a screenplay by Raimi, his older brother Ivan, and Alvin Sargent. It is the third and final installment in Raimi's original Spider-Man trilogy. The film stars Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker / Spider-Man, alongside Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, Bryce Dallas Howard, James Cromwell, Rosemary Harris, and J. K. Simmons. Following the events of Spider-Man 2, as Peter Parker has managed to finally handle his personal life as a college student and photographer with his dual life as the masked vigilante: Spider-Man, along with balancing a blossoming relationship with Mary Jane Watson, he encounters and is bonded with a mysterious extraterrestrial symbiote, which enhances his super-human abilites and brings out the darker, more repressed side of his personality, while facing off against his former friend: Harry Osborn, who is now a super-human assassin seeking to avenge his father’s death and obsessively hunting down an escaped super-powered convict: Flint Marko, who was the true culprit behind the murder of Peter's father-figure/uncle: Ben Parker

